everyone is headed down to the East
River
Oh Craig is here family and we're here
at this beautiful apartment right along
the river waiting to see the fireworks
so if you don't know who Craig is okay
you should know who Craig is of course
we'll be linked and this is Brandon
everyone hey there I do i Brandon tell
the people how we met okay so we met in
you now
you now so I was just a guest on your
first broadcast yeah and we had a really
good shot
yeah and then sorry I just reached out
over email because I knew Sarah was
coming to New York like just for a visit
yeah and we got to meet there there was
a lot of fun yeah and then I was a guest
another time yeah and there you go now
we like real life friends internet magic
okay that guy's internet internet and
you you are a choreographer
that's right and he does awesome stuff
and I'm going to link up a music video
and I'll link up his YouTube channel as
well he's a super cool dude
very New York very New York born and
raised born and raised that's it
yeah we're stoked see some fireworks
everyone's gonna be vlogging look at
that was excited because we got a very
different rigs and then here's John just
feeling so uncomfortable he doesn't
understand what the world so I use the
Sony rx100 Mark three and it's it's
great it's a good a good way a good
point you but so many people do this
thing and I just how ok I guess Craig is
just swole I'm like
it is a baby this would be so hard
what's up Craig's vlog I've never tried
it
you've never tried Lacroix I don't know
what it is I don't know carbonated this
isn't my favorite flavor but it's still
good if you're just getting into Lacroix
I suggest coconut or like if you're just
getting into labor I was talking about
on the pilot episode yeah
it's sparkling water it's not that
special but it is it has started to rain
probably actually give this leave this
oh yeah we're really in a certain train
and so everyone that has been gathered
down here is now hiding from the rain
under coverage and it's like here
looking like into the world
and we're just sitting here in the
balcony pointing camera
how are the fireworks I'd say the best
pilots that I see in my life
per firework amazing fireworks yeah why
do we have fireworks because John Adams
wanted us to even side he envisioned
fireworks as a part of the festivities
thank you John Adams the fireworks
amazing fourth of July night with my
friends and family it was lit believin
tomorrow so it was a fun time to hang
tomorrow I am apartment shopping yeah it
was a great I hope you guys had a great
4th of July
and I'll see you the next month cpg ok
towards it